this man has recently died the
blood is recent
ah
to
Y
ah
this daughter of Lord me away
annoying itch
I'm sorry, my son, the church has
closed return tomorrow
ah
i
Y
apparently the altercations of the saints
extend to the edge sant
Protection units do not gain expense
that is the apocalypse if things do not
they probably solve this be the end
we are waiting for the lord
president of an encouraging statement
what should we do sir president alone
we have to go to the military barracks to
talk to the scientists so that we
give an explanation and a possible
solution to this issue or if not people will
he will throw us over you prepare the car
we can leave here for the port
seen a pretty big boat we can
serve to escape is 10 minutes away
here with your help you can get it out
of the port and anchor far from this
hell
what I'm going to bring me the boat's
I will kill very well go on like this and you will be
rewarded
i
and you well know something about that disease
there is a cure
It's still a bit early to know if
this has a cure I need more time what
The only thing I know is that it's a
new disease coming from a
laboratory
are you telling me that it is a
virus created by the human being
damn right now not
we have a lot of time
it's good I need you to leave the weapons
down the more hands free the better
that I will need your help to move
this you can leave them in the cellar will be
five minutes five minutes or three is
risky being without weapons on this site
we can not be so confident
Well, for once you have to trust
me you also owe me one for the
bridge
damn that he makes that saying here is
a trap
ah
to